they're unable to come back to the game
ahead to that point talk about a little
bit about their physicality and the
because of why it was an accumulation of
hits they ran its course as the game
went on and the last one I took was one
where I just had to drop a headache down
the field and my lower back started to
flutter office so I just thought my body
was wearing now as the game went on and
that was sort of the final nail in the
coffin but there d-line we saw it on
film that they were talented and played
hard and they did a great job you have
to credit them in the talent they have
the answer they gave but I'm proud of
our team that we're obviously
disappointed today but we're not
disappointed in the product we put on
the field all fall under the entire
seasons work that's the body stack that
I know that she still went way out of
place did you have the Liberty to
audible out of that or was that not out
of the reason you had today we have our
checks built in or we'll call to place
in the huddle and if I get the right
front then I'll check the play or it
just varies from play to play but we're
a program that needs to establish design
that's what we're working festival we
can get the running game going and you
can't just drop back and allow the
Alabama defense to just pin their ears
back every play because they know it's a
pass you have to be on the attack and
allow your offensive line to be forcing
on that as opposed to just absorbing and
so you have to try to establish the run
game that I was doing weren't able to do
that at the level we wanted to but at
the same time there's other times where
it would master the ball
I can't don't under Sections or when I
throw hot women when they're bringing
the boys defined by the sidelines
the team base without getting
cozy were you already playing ground
were there or what was that actually was
talking to the seniors the guys that
ever anybo their separate ways after
today I wanted to be able to make sure I
had a last word with each of them I
found myself as I went to each of them
how many of them were all overachievers
whether it was DJ young that transferred
from Bowling Green being our starting
left tackle on 11 one team 11 and two
team now whether was John Besh 180-pound
line back from high school Jesse Johnson
a walk-on just guy after guy after guy
John steep a switch positions had to
trim his body down just did a tremendous
job playing center for us basically the
toughest job in the toughest position
and I found over and over again these
seniors that I that I went to to thank
them for their effort were all guys who
overachieve from what they were expected
to do by whether it's meteor coaches
when I first brought in that's the
reason we've had the success we've had
this season right after the albumen ball
awesome we got back what you do now be
senior to start preparation for 20
well we'll begin right away obviously we
got guys who are banged up and we need
to get those sisters healed first and
foremost so we can be ready to go for
spring ball and workouts but it starts
with conditioning throwing lifting fill
and we don't wait until the first day of
spring ball we get going on our own
initiative player led the first week
back and that'll be something that will
continue all offseason
that's research related groundwork for a
special season than the upcoming here